Who are you?
How could this Black Golden Dragon Card be real?
You don't think about it.
Who will go out with a fake bank card?
And what were you going to do just now?
That aunt
I was just kidding you.
Liu Shao, I haven't finished speaking yet
This card is real
But it's frozen.
It's frozen.
I said why the hell didn't you finish talking to me all at once?
You say
I see.
This village woman, this card was picked up by him
Yes, it must have been picked up.
I was almost deceived by this village entrance
The card Chen Bufan gave me was frozen
By the way, this card should be the capital verification for participating in the auction.
Temporary supervision
Hey
Why do you want to leave if you are suspected of it?
No door
I thought this village woman was awesome
It turned out that he was bluffing here with a picked-up card
It also made my dear slap so many white.
I'll tell you what.
I just say one word
Slap me 5 million you can't get it out
Yes, slap Lao Tzu hard
It's better to slap me out
Are you satisfied?